Caption: 
Expression of Three Transcription Factors during Early Bacteriocyte Development(A) Drawings of some stages of pea aphid embryonic development, approximately to scale. Embryos develop viviparously within a follicular epithelium of the ovariole (data not shown). For a complete description, see Miura et al. (2003). Bacteria are transferred at stage 7. Embryos are labeled with bacteria (b), head (h), thoracic (t), and abdominal (a) regions. The three thoracic segments (t1, t2, t2) and germ cells (gc) are indicated in the stage 14 embryo.(B) A drawing of a stage 7 embryo illustrates transovarial transfer of the bacteria (red arrowhead) to the embryo and the presumptive bacteriocyte nuclei (arrow).(C) Confocal micrograph of a stage 6 embryo stained with anti-Dll antibody (red, indicated by arrow). Anti-Dll labels syncytial nuclei (presumptive bacteriocyte nuclei) in the posterior of the embryo.(D) Confocal micrograph of stage 7 embryo stained with anti-Dll and FP6.87 antibodies. Soon after the bacteria begin to invade the embryo, we observe staining with the FP6.87 antibody localized to the nucleoli (blue), which recognizes both Ubx and Abd-A in diverse arthropods, in the same nuclei that are already expressing Dll (red). The region outlined with a broken white box is enlarged in (D′) to show the bacteria, and only the green channel is shown in monochrome. The red arrow indicates one bacterium.(E and F) In these two panels of the same focal plane from the same stage 9 embryo, Ubx/Abd-A staining (blue) is observed throughout the entire nucleus of all nuclei that also express Dll (red).(G) Confocal micrograph of a stage 8 embryo stained with anti-En (yellow). As the transfer of bacteria (arrowhead) is being completed, the bacteriocyte nuclei begin to express En (yellow, indicated with arrow).In (C)–(G), confocal micrographs show only one focal plane of the embryo, so not all bacteriocyte nuclei in each embryo can be seen. In all figures, F-actin is stained with phalloidin (green). Embryos in all figures, except Figure 2, are oriented with anterior of the entire embryo (towards the germarium) to the left.
Question:  What do the drawings of stage 14 embryos in Figure A indicate? 
 
A: The different regions of labeled embryos. 
B: The germ cells in labeled embryos. 
C: The thoracic segments in labeled embryos. 
D: The head, thoracic, and abdominal regions in labeled embryos. 
Answer:  D: The head, thoracic, and abdominal regions in labeled embryos. 
