Caption: 
Different Elements Enhance GFP Expression in Specific Tissue and Cell TypesGFP expression is shown in fixed tissue following wholemount anti-GFP immunostaining, bright-field views (A–D, F, J, K, and N), or in live embryos as GFP fluorescence, merged bright-field and fluorescent views (E, G–I, L, M, and O). Lateral views, anterior to the left, dorsal to the top (A, B, and D–O) or dorsal view, anterior to the top (C). Embryos approximately 28–33 hpf (A, D–I, L, and O), approximately 48 hpf (B, C, J, K, and N), or approximately 26 hpf (M). The identity of the element co-injected with the GFP reporter construct is shown at the bottom of each panel. Black arrows indicate the approximate position of the midbrain–hindbrain boundary; black and white arrowheads indicate GFP-expressing cells.Scale bars approximately 100 μm (A–E, G–I, and L–O) and 50 μm (F, J, and K).b, blood island; d, diencephalon; e, eye; f, fin fold; hb, hindbrain; l, lens; n, notochord; ov, otic vesicle; r, retina; s, somite; sc, spinal cord; t, telencephalon; te, tectum; y, yolk.(A) SOX21_4. Head region (eyes removed): neurons in the telencephalon and diencephalon are GFP-positive (arrowheads).(B) SOX21_19. Head region: numerous GFP-expressing neurons are visible in the forebrain, midbrain, and hindbrain. Retinal expression is also apparent.(C) SOX21_5–6. Hindbrain region: white arrowheads indicate GFP expression by several cells in the epithelium of the right developing ear (ov). GFP-expressing cells in left deveoping ear are in slightly different focal plane.(D) SOX21_1. Trunk region: two individual notochord cells express GFP (arrowheads).(E) PAX6_6. Head region of live embryo: GFP is expressed in several retinal cells.(F) PAX6_9–10. Anterior trunk region (at the level of somites 1–3): three spinal cord neurons with ventrally projecting axons express GFP (arrowheads).(G) PAX6_1. Tail region of live embryo: arrowhead indicates GFP expression in the developing median fin fold.(H) KIAA0010_1. Trunk region, three notochord cells express GFP (arrowheads).(I) KIAA0010_2. Anterior end of embryo: arrowheads point to circulating blood cells expressing GFP.(J) HLXB9_3. Trunk region: GFP-expressing muscle fibres in somite 5 (arrowheads) lie immediately dorsal and ventral to the horizontal myoseptum.(K) HLXB9_3. Trunk region (at the level of somites 13–15): arrowheads mark GFP expression in six cells forming the epidermis or EVL.(L) SHH_6. Whole live embryo: numerous GFP-expressing muscle fibres can be seen in the trunk.(M) SHH_1. Tail region of live embryo: GFP is expressed in a single bipolar neuron near the caudal end of the spinal cord (arrowhead marks cell body).(N) SHH_4. Head region (dorsolateral view): cells labelled with anti-GFP include midbrain and hindbrain neurons and cells in the retina (slightly out of focal plane). Arrowheads indicate cell bodies of hindbrain neurons, from which axons can be seen projecting ventrally.(O) SHH_2. Trunk region of live embryo: GFP-positive cells in the region of the blood islands (caudal to the urogenital opening; arrowheads) show a slightly elongated morphology, suggesting they may be blood vessel precursors rather than blood cells.
Question: What does the elongated morphology suggest of the GFP-positive cells near the region of blood islands in SHH_2 experiment? 
 
A: They are potentially urogenital opening 
B: They may cause potential tumor development 
C: They are possibly blood cell 
D: They may be blood vessel precursors 
Answer:  D: They may be blood vessel precursors
