Caption: 
Chemoattraction Towards NT-3 Beads Placed in E13 Spinal Cord DRG Explant Co-Cultures(A) NT-3 bead placed in the midline of E13 WT spinal cord. Notice axons labeled through the DRGs (circled with black dashed lines) growing towards the bead (circled with white dashed lines) enter the spinal cord at ectopic loci instead of dorsal spinal cord.(B) PBS-loaded bead in E13 spinal cord. All labeled axons extend along the dorsal spinal cord, where they terminate.(C) High-power image of the bead in (A). Notice labeled axons surrounding the bead.(D) High-power image of an NT-3-loaded bead. Notice axons bundled around the bead.(E) High-power image of an NT-3-loaded bead. Notice the axons approaching the bead via the dorsal spinal cord.(F) High-power image of a PBS-loaded bead. No labeled fibers were observed around control beads.(G) Summary of our observations from E13 spinal cord DRG organotypic cultures. In control cultures fibers extend along the dorsal spinal cord, where they normally enter the gray matter at E13. In the presence of an ectopic NT-3 source localized at the midline, these axons grow towards the NT-3 bead. NT-3 also initiates axon growth from the DRGs, entering the spinal cord at ectopic lateral loci, growing towards the bead, surrounding the bead, forming nerve bundles, and branching around it.Scale bar, 175 μm (A and B), 100 μm (C–F).
Question:  What is the difference in axon growth observed between NT-3-loaded beads and PBS-loaded beads? 
 
A: NT-3-loaded beads result in the initiation of axon growth from the DRGs towards ectopic lateral loci, while no growth is observed with PBS-loaded beads. 
B: Both NT-3-loaded beads and PBS-loaded beads result in axon growth from the DRGs towards the dorsal spinal cord. 
C: PBS-loaded beads result in the termination of axons at the spinal cord, while NT-3-loaded beads result in axon growth towards the midline. 
D: Both NT-3-loaded beads and PBS-loaded beads result in axon growth towards the midline. 
Answer:  A: NT-3-loaded beads result in the initiation of axon growth from the DRGs towards ectopic lateral loci, while no growth is observed with PBS-loaded beads.
