Caption: 
Light and electron microscopy revealed an exclusively anterograde gradient of axon degeneration in transected and crushed WldS sciatic/tibial nerves after prolonged lesion times A, F: Quantification of axon preservation at proximal and distal ends of the peripheral nerve stump after transection (A) and crush (F) injury exposed exclusively anterograde gradients of axon degeneration after 15 to 30 days following injury (15 d lesion time-point only after transection injury). Differences in the number of protected axons between the proximal and distal end of the stump were maximum after 20 days and more moderate prior or later to that, correspondingly. Remarkably, after 30 days following crush lesion considerable numbers of totally intact axons could be counted (63.5 % in distal tibial nerve) pointing to a weaker effect of compression over transection and generally to the longevity of distal WldS axons. B-E: Light microscopic images (B, D) and corresponding electron micrographs (C, E) taken from the proximal (B, C) and distal (D, E) end of the peripheral nerve stump after 20 days following transection lesion. At the proximal end (sciatic nerve) 28.1 % myelinated axons were structurally preserved while at the distal end (tibial nerve) we could observe 85.0 % preserved axons pointing to an anterograde gradient of axon degeneration. G-J: Light microscopic images (G, I) and corresponding electron micrographs (H, J) taken from the proximal (G, H) and distal (I, J) end of the peripheral nerve stump after 20 days following compression lesion. Similar to the transection lesion also here we identified a clear anterograde degeneration gradient with 70.0 % intact axons at the proximal end and 94.8 % preserved axons at the distal end of the nerve stump. Magnification of light microscopy is 630 × and electron microscopy is 3400 ×
Question:  What is the anterograde gradient of axon degeneration in transected and crushed WldS sciatic/tibial nerves after prolonged lesion times? 
 
A: anterograde and retrograde 
B: retrograde only 
C: anterograde only 
D: no gradient observed. 
Answer:  C: anterograde only. 
