Caption: 
Differential Localization and Expression of CD36 Protein in Kidneys of Diabetic Mice with Glomerulopathy and of Humans with DNP(A and B) Indirect double-immunofluorescence labeling of kidney sections from non-diabetic control (A) and diabetic (B) mice with anti-CD36 (green) and proximal tubular marker anti-aquaporin1 (red).(C and D) Double labeling of non-diabetic control mice with anti-CD36 (green) and loop-of-Henle marker sodium potassium chloride cotransporter anti-NKCC (red) (C) and collecting duct marker aquaporin2 (red) (D) (arrow depicts colocalization of anti-CD36 and anti-aquaporin2 staining).(E and F) Double labeling of human kidney sections from control individuals (E) and individuals with diabetes with DNP (F) using anti-CD36 (green) and anti-aquaporin1 (red).(G) Higher-magnification image of (F) with arrows depicting colocalization of anti-CD36 and anti-aquaporin1. (Note that anti-CD36 labeling is heterogeneous: staining is isolated proximal tubular cells.)(H–J) Representative images of anti-CD36 immunoperoxidase staining of sections of normal human kidney (H), human kidney with DNP (I), and human kidney with FSGS (J). Arrow in (I) depicts proximal tubular epithelial staining.(K) CD36 PTEC expression score derived from blinded, semi-quantitative analysis of distribution and intensity of proximal tubular CD36 staining of human biopsy samples from ten normal control, ten DNP, and ten FSGS kidneys and the result shown on a dot plot. Significance was calculated by Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test, and PTEC scores for DNP kidneys were significantly different from those of FSGS kidneys and normal human kidneys.
Question:  How is the CD36 expression level in proximal tubular cells compared between normal, DNP and FSGS human kidneys? 
 
A: There is no significant difference in CD36 expression between these three types of kidneys. 
B: CD36 expression is significantly higher in DNP kidneys compared to FSGS kidneys and normal human kidneys. 
C: CD36 expression is significantly higher in FSGS kidneys compared to DNP kidneys and normal human kidneys. 
D: CD36 expression is significantly higher in normal human kidneys compared to DNP kidneys and FSGS kidneys. 
Answer:  B: CD36 expression is significantly higher in DNP kidneys compared to FSGS kidneys and normal human kidneys.
